best friend we have a great team
of veterinary professionals in front
of convenient services for
guarantee the health and well-being of your
pet
preventive medicine service
including vaccinations
deworming and all kinds of
excess of time
and consultation services in general
always supporting us in the best
laboratory diagnostic methods
same
as radiography and ultrasound
general surgery service counting on
a team of inhalation anesthesia and
monitoring
hospitalization service
emergency consultation service
home consultations service with
previous appointment
we also have a service
canine and feline hairdressers available
Monday to Saturday to previous play so that
your pet always fighting beautiful and
shimmering
besides being alive we give you the option
to write changes on request here
We will encourage and take care of them
so far I fully understand
ready to take
You can also find the best
food for your pet and all kinds
of accessories and accessories
we also offer an iguana service
to enjoy all kinds of
discounts before consulting with land
because it has is important to you
it is also for us
come to be living critical of trust
besides our company more like a
small animal we cover
other fields of our production in
our clinic is the headquarters of asap already
an association of beekeepers that each
day van increased by that in which
having you will find all kinds of
beekeeping material we offer advice
veterinarian in this field of
Livestock is a teaching of courses
of initiation
queen breeding sculpture
We lend the veterinary service of the
goats and mobile
also serve offers assistance
veterinary and hunting activity
for the realization of tests
and veterinary service in the
food industry establishment has
repeated as well as teaching courses
of food handler
we are in street very debated
firewood number 4 zip code 19 min 5
guadalajara telephone 949 80
hours from Monday to Friday in hours and
average from morning to 8 in the afternoon
uninterruptedly recorded from average to
one and a half
We will wait for you